well howdy there internet people it's bo
again
so today we're going to talk about the
postal service
and why it just can't remain solvent
why it always needs money why it's
always going to congress with its
handout
i don't know of any other business that
goes to congress with their handout as
often as the postal service does with
the exception of
those companies that constantly give
campaign contributions to
congress people i think the main reason
that this business why postal service
keeps going to congress asking for money
is because it's not a business
it's a government service one that is so
essential
it's explicitly authorized in the
constitution article one section eight
it's congress's job to fund the postal
service
the postal service isn't asking for a
bailout it's asking for funding
it's asking congress to do its job now
one of the biggest roadblocks to this
is one the idea that the postal service
is a business
two the i don't know 100 000
or so according to open secrets that
mitch mcconnell got from people
affiliated with ups and fedex
that might have something to do with it
as well
generally speaking government services
are not uh expected to turn a profit
you know what doesn't turn a profit the
va
veterans affairs doesn't turn a profit
they're not
explicitly authorized in the
constitution either let's get rid of
them
no don't want to do that that would be
politically untenable
you want to sacrifice services mainly
for rural people
um i'm gonna suggest to the republican
party that's probably a bad idea
if you ever look at one of the maps
where uh your votes come from
they're generally rural people
aside from that i would suggest that
while fiscal responsibility is important
it's incredibly important
putting uh too much emphasis
on cost saving when it comes to
government services can lead to some bad
things
uh i would go ahead and bring up in
completely unrelated news
it looks like the settlement for those
in flint is going to be around 600
million dollars and to be honest i don't
think that's enough
not for the long-term damage that's
going to be caused
i can't remember exactly why that
happened either i think it had something
to do with the government
prioritizing money while they were
supposed to be prioritizing an essential
service
aside from that right now
given everything that's going on the
post office is incredibly
important to maintain the vote
and that's really what this is about and
that's not uh
you know it's not really
some kind of bizarre talking point not
when the president himself has said that
that's
kind of the reason you know when he said
if they don't get those two items that
means you can't have universal
mail-in voting because they're not
equipped to have it
so while facing an issue that might
impact the vote
his response is to uh well
go after the postal service
and make it even harder to process the
votes
because he wants to suppress the vote
because he doesn't care about the
constitution
he doesn't care about democracy he
doesn't care about the republic and he
never has
the postal service is not a business
it's a government service
if we're going to have a government and
it can't
fund essential services then it's not
any good
maybe we should just replace everybody
up there
would make sense to me anyway
it's just a thought y'all have a good
day